Update README.md (#696)
aminalaee/sqladmin: README.md

## Installation

Install using `pip`:

```shell
$ pip install sqladmin
```

> This will install the full version of sqladmin with extra dependencies for security:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the full version of sqladmin with optional dependencies:
```
